{\rtf1\ansi
\b Hospital Management System - Demo Script\b0\par
\par
\b Purpose\b0\par
Demonstrate patient record management, automated appointment scheduling, and billing with JSON storage.\par
\par
\b Audience\b0\par
Faculty or reviewers evaluating the web application.\par
\par
\b Setup\b0\par
1. Open PowerShell in the project folder.\par
2. Run: python -m pip install -r requirements.txt\par
3. Run: python app.py\par
4. Open: http://127.0.0.1:5000/\par
\par
\b Demo Flow\b0\par
1) Dashboard\par
- Show live counters for Patients, Appointments, Bills, and Unpaid.\par
- Mention the stats refresh every few seconds without page reload.\par
\par
2) Add Patient\par
- Go to Patients page.\par
- Enter: Name = Asha Mehta, Age = 34, Gender = Female, Contact = 9876543210.\par
- Submit and show the new record appears instantly in the table.\par
- Mention data is saved to JSON in the data folder.\par
\par
3) Auto Schedule Appointment\par
- Go to Appointments page.\par
- Enter Patient ID from the table (e.g., P-xxxxxx).\par
- Preferred Date: choose today.\par
- Reason: General checkup.\par
- Submit and highlight the auto-selected time slot.\par
\par
4) Create Bill\par
- Go to Billing page.\par
- Enter Patient ID, Amount = 1250.00, Description = Consultation + Tests.\par
- Submit and show the bill appears with status unpaid.\par
\par
5) Return to Dashboard\par
- Show counters updated in real time for patients, appointments, and bills.\par
\par
\b Technical Highlights\b0\par
- Flask backend with JSON storage for patients, appointments, and bills.\par
- Automated appointment scheduling picks the next available slot.\par
- Interactive UI uses fetch API for real-time updates.\par
\par
\b Q&A Notes\b0\par
- Data is stored locally in JSON files for simplicity.\par
- The solution is a prototype-ready web app that can be extended to databases and authentication.\par
}
